Lights bsp doc (#285)
lhr-solar/BPS: Docs/source/Software/BSP.rst

The Fans driver is used to control the speed of the fans depending on the temperature of the Battery
Pack. It allows for as many speeds as needed and can change the speed of individual fans. It supports
four fans and uses PWM to change the speed and hopefully save energy. 

Lights BSP: Manthan Upadhyaya
=================================

Purpose
    This code is used to control the LED lights that are on the master board and are used for
    debugging. These lights mean the following:

    ``RUN`` - The BPS has power and is running.

    ``UVOLT`` - The BPS is reading an undervoltage condition.
    
    ``OVOLT`` - The BPS is reading an overvoltage condition.
    
    ``OTEMP`` - The BPS is reading an overtemperature condition.
    
    ``OCURR`` - The BPS is reading an overcurrent condition.
    
    ``WDOG`` - The BPS watchdog has tripped.
    
    ``CAN`` - The BPS is sending a CAN message.
    
    ``EXTRA`` - Extra usage
    
    ``WIRE`` - The BPS sees an open wire between the battery modules.
    
    ``STROBE`` - A fault condition has tripped the BPS.

Usage

>     In order to use it, call the init function to initialize all the GPIO's. Then you can call any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In order to use it, call `BSP_Lights_Init()` to initialize all the GPIO's. Then you can call any
```

    of the functions in ``BSP_Lights.h`` whenever needed.

Additional Considerations

>     Although all of the lights are meant for debugging, the fault led light is connected directly
>     to the strobe light. This means if the fault led turns on, so will the strobe light on the car.
>     It doesn't mean that the fault led will turn on if the strobe light turns on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Although all of the lights are meant for debugging, the fault LED light is connected directly
    to the strobe light. This means if the fault LED turns on, so will the strobe light on the car.
    It doesn't mean that the fault LED will turn on if the strobe light turns on.
```
